0.  pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is a pneumoconiosis caused by inhalation of very fine silicate or quartz dust.
    Its also the longest word in the dictionary equal to 45 letters.
    
1.  getrusage returns resouce usage for the calling process, all children of the calling process or the calling thread as specified
    by the user.

2.  There are 16 variables in the struct rusage.

3.  We pass before and after by reference because we save memory and time. If we pass by value, every time we use the function
    calculate we would create copies of the structs. This in turn would increase the time and the memory used by our program.

4.  main reads the words from a file through the use of a for loop. The for loop is initiated by setting an int c as fgetc(fp).
    Here fp is the file pointer and in the beginning of the program it will be the beginning of the file. Function fgetc just gets
    the next character from the file. At the beginning of each loop c is once again set as fgetc(fp), thus c always skips to the
    next character after each loop. The loop continues till c is not equal to EOF which is only possible if we reach the end of our
    file. If c is an alphabet or an apostophe, it is appended to the word. If however there is a string of letters with more letters
    than the longest word in the dictionary, then the file pointer is skipped to the next word and preparation for a new word is 
    done. If a word with numbers in between is encountered, the file pointer is again skipped to the next word and the program 
    prepares for a new word. If however the program encounters a character which is not an alphabet, an apostrophe or a digit and the number
    of letters in the current word are greater than zero, then that means we have a found a whole word and reached the end of the
    word. In this case the current word is terminated by appending '\0' to it. The word counter is updated as well. The word is then
    passed to spellchecking function which will return if it was misspelled or not. The benchmarks are updated and the program
    prepares for the next word. 

5.  We don't use fscanf because our program will encounter errors if there are digits or some other symbols in the words or if the
    length of the word is longer than the maximum allowed length. 

6.  The parameters for check and load are declared as const so that these functions cannot modify the string (ie the word and the 
    name of the dictionary).
